::: {#fb-root}
:::

::: topbar
[](http://buck.build/)

# Buck

-   
-   [Docs](/setup/getting_started.html)
-   [Issues](https://github.com/facebook/buck/issues)
-   [GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/buck)
:::

::: socialBanner
Support Ukraine. [Help Provide Humanitarian Aid to
Ukraine](https://opensource.fb.com/support-ukraine).
:::

::: {.section .content}
::: width
# android_binary()

::: overview
An `android_binary()` rule is used to generate an Android APK.

## Arguments

-   ::: {#name}
    ### `name`{.argName} [(required)]{.argDefault} [\#](#name){.inline-link}

    The *short name* for this [build
    target](/concept/build_target.html). Also, the name of the APK
    generated from this target.
    :::

-   ::: {#manifest}
    ### `manifest`{.argName} [(defaults to `None`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#manifest){.inline-link}

    Relative path to the Android manifest for the APK. The common case
    is that the manifest will be in the same directory as the rule, in
    which case this will simply be `'AndroidManifest.xml'`, but it can
    also reference an [`android_manifest`](/rule/android_manifest.html)
    rule. Prefer using `manifest_skeleton`, which performs merging
    automatically. Exactly one of `manifest` and `manifest_skeleton`
    must be set.
    :::

-   ::: {#manifest_skeleton}
    ### `manifest_skeleton`{.argName} [(defaults to `None`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#manifest_skeleton){.inline-link}

    Relative path to the skeleton Android manifest for the APK. An
    [`android_manifest`](/rule/android_manifest.html) will be created
    automatically to merge all manifests from libraries and resources
    going into the app. The common case is that the manifest will be in
    the same directory as the rule, in which case this will simply be
    `'AndroidManifest.xml'`. Exactly one of `manifest` and
    `manifest_skeleton` must be set.
    :::

-   ::: {#keystore}
    ### `keystore`{.argName} [(required)]{.argDefault} [\#](#keystore){.inline-link}

    A build target that identifies a [`keystore`](/rule/keystore.html)
    to use to sign the APK.
    :::

-   ::: {#package_type}
    ### `package_type`{.argName} [(defaults to `'debug'`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#package_type){.inline-link}

    Determines whether ProGuard will be used when packaging the APK.
    Acceptable values for `package_type` are `'debug'` and`'release'`.
    The default value is `'debug'`, which indicates that ProGuard should
    not be used.

    **Note:** This argument will be renamed to reflect that it
    determines the use of ProGuard.
    :::

-   ::: {#proguard_config}
    ### `proguard_config`{.argName} [(defaults to `None`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#proguard_config){.inline-link}

    Relative path to a ProGuard configuration file that will be passed
    via the `-include` flag when `package_type` is `'release'`.
    :::

-   ::: {#android_sdk_proguard_config}
    ### `android_sdk_proguard_config`{.argName} [(defaults to `'default'`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#android_sdk_proguard_config){.inline-link}

    The type of proguard configuration to use from the Android SDK.
    Options are `'default'` to use the default config,`'optimized'` to
    use the config with optimizations enabled, or `'none'` to not use
    any standard configuration (you will need to supply your own
    version, otherwise your app will probably not work).
    :::

-   ::: {#ignore_aapt_proguard_config}
    ### `ignore_aapt_proguard_config`{.argName} [(defaults to `False`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#ignore_aapt_proguard_config){.inline-link}

    If true, the proguard config automatically generated by `aapt` will
    be ignored.
    :::

-   ::: {#no_dx}
    ### `no_dx`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#no_dx){.inline-link}

    List of build targets that may have been included during compilation
    of the transitive `android_library()` and `java_library()`
    dependencies, but should not be included in the `classes.dex` for
    generated for the APK.
    :::

-   ::: {#build_config_values}
    ### `build_config_values`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#build_config_values){.inline-link}

    See the documentation on the values argument for
    [`android_build_config`](/rule/android_build_config.html).
    :::

-   ::: {#build_config_values_file}
    ### `build_config_values_file`{.argName} [(defaults to `None`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#build_config_values_file){.inline-link}

    See the documentation on the values_file argument for
    [`android_build_config`](/rule/android_build_config.html).
    :::

-   ::: {#aapt_mode}
    ### `aapt_mode`{.argName} [(defaults to `aapt1`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#aapt_mode){.inline-link}

    Set to `"aapt2"` to build resources for this app with aapt2.
    :::

-   ::: {#skip_crunch_pngs}
    ### `skip_crunch_pngs`{.argName} [(defaults to `False`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#skip_crunch_pngs){.inline-link}

    If `True`, PNGs in the APK are not crushed by aapt. This is
    equivalent to specifying

    ``` {.prettyprint .lang-js}
      android {
          aaptOptions.useAaptPngCruncher = false
      }
      
    ```

    in gradle, or
    ``` {.prettyprint .lang-xml}
      <target name="-crunch">
          <echo message="Skipping PNG optimization"/>
      </target>
      
    ```

    in ant. This can be useful if the PNGs have been optimised
    beforehand, as aapt would attempt to crush the optimised PNGs and
    end up increasing their size instead of decreasing it.
    :::

-   ::: {#duplicate_resource_behavior}
    ### `duplicate_resource_behavior`{.argName} [(defaults to `allow_by_default`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#duplicate_resource_behavior){.inline-link}

    If set to `"ban_by_default"`, duplicate resource definitions with
    the same type and name will cause the build to fail, unless they are
    excluded by `allowed_duplicate_resource_types`or
    `duplicate_resource_whitelist`. If set to `"allow_by_default"` (the
    default), no duplicate resource checks will be performed. They can
    still be enabled on individual types by using
    `banned_duplicate_resource_types`.
    :::

-   ::: {#banned_duplicate_resource_types}
    ### `banned_duplicate_resource_types`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#banned_duplicate_resource_types){.inline-link}

    If `['string']` is used, the build will break if multiple string
    resources with the same name are added in an app\'s Android
    Resources. Resource names are name-spaced by resource type, this
    does not enforce unique names between multiple resource types. AAPT
    does not enforce this, but you can prevent easy-to-introduce
    resource bugs by enabling this.
    :::

-   ::: {#allowed_duplicate_resource_types}
    ### `allowed_duplicate_resource_types`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#allowed_duplicate_resource_types){.inline-link}

    Similar to `banned_duplicate_resource_types`, but lists the types
    that are allowed to have duplicates. This should only be used if
    `duplicate_resource_behavior` is `"ban_by_default"`.
    :::

-   ::: {#duplicate_resource_whitelist}
    ### `duplicate_resource_whitelist`{.argName} [(defaults to `None`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#duplicate_resource_whitelist){.inline-link}

    Either a [build target](/concept/build_target.html) or a path to a
    file containing a whitelist of resources that should be excluded
    from duplicate resource detection. Format is one resource per line
    with the type followed by the name, separated by a space. For
    example, `string app_name`.
    :::

-   ::: {#includes_vector_drawables}
    ### `includes_vector_drawables`{.argName} [(defaults to `False`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#includes_vector_drawables){.inline-link}

    When calling AAPT during the packaging process, pass the
    `--no-version-vectors` flag which ensures that any vector drawables
    which make use of the Android support library are backwards
    compatible with Android 4.4 and earlier.
    :::

-   ::: {#manifest_entries}
    ### `manifest_entries`{.argName} [(defaults to `{}`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#manifest_entries){.inline-link}

    Insert values into the packaged `AndroidManifest.xml` file. Valid
    values are `min_sdk_version`, `target_sdk_version`,`version_code`,
    `version_name`, and `debug_mode`. Example:

    ``` {.prettyprint .lang-py}
      android_binary(
        # ... other args ...
        manifest_entries = {
            'version_code': 12,
            'version_name': '2.0',
            'min_sdk_version': 16,
            'target_sdk_version': 23,
            'debug_mode': True,
        }
      )
      
    ```

    This is equivalent to specifying
    ``` {.prettyprint .lang-js}
      android {
          defaultConfig {
            versionCode 12
            versionName "2.0"
            minSdkVersion 16
            targetSdkVersion 23
          }
      }
      
    ```

    in gradle and building the debug `BuildType`. This is especially
    useful when combined with the
    [`flatten_dicts`](/function/flatten_dicts.html) function. This will
    allow you to share a default config across your rules, and override
    values as necessary.
    :::

-   ::: {#deps}
    ### `deps`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#deps){.inline-link}

    List of build targets whose corresponding compiled Java code,
    Android resources, and native libraries will be included in the APK.
    From the transitive closure of these dependencies, the outputs of
    rules of the following type will be included in the APK:

    -   `android_library()`
    -   `android_resource()`
    -   `cxx_library()`
    -   `groovy_library()`
    -   `java_library()`
    -   `java_binary()`
    -   `prebuilt_jar()`
    -   `ndk_library()`
    -   `prebuilt_native_library()`
    :::

-   ::: {#cpu_filters}
    ### `cpu_filters`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#cpu_filters){.inline-link}

    The CPU architecture filter applied to the final apk. Could be a
    subset of `ARM`, `ARMV7`, `ARM64`, `X86`, `X86_64`, `MIPS`.

    **Note**: If you set this parameter, you must setup your NDK,
    otherwise BUCK build will fail. You can follow the Android SDK and
    NDK part of the [install guide](/setup/install.html) to set it up.
    :::

-   ::: {#use_split_dex}
    ### `use_split_dex`{.argName} [(defaults to `False`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#use_split_dex){.inline-link}

    If this argument is `True`, Buck enables *multidex* support for the
    output APK. Multidex support enables your app to use multiple Dalvik
    Executable (DEX) bytecode files and thereby work around the 64K
    limit on the number of methods that can be referenced in a single
    DEX file.

        use_split_dex = True

    For more information on multidex support, go to the [Android
    Developer
    Documentation](https://developer.android.com/studio/build/multidex).
    :::

-   ::: {#application_module_configs}
    ### `application_module_configs`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#application_module_configs){.inline-link}

    A map of module names to lists of targets, where the targets should
    *seed* the corresponding module. The seed targets and their
    exclusive dependencies are packaged into the APK in separate files
    to allow them to be loaded independently.
    :::

-   ::: {#linear_alloc_hard_limit}
    ### `linear_alloc_hard_limit`{.argName} [(defaults to `4194304`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#linear_alloc_hard_limit){.inline-link}

    The size at which secondary dex files should be split when building
    an [exopackage](/article/exopackage.html) in bytes.

    It is set 4MB by default, because Android 2.3 has a LinearAlloc
    limit of 5MB and 1MB is taken up by the framework. More recent
    versions of Android have a LinearAlloc limit of 8MB or 16MB, so if
    the APK is only targeted for versions newer than 2.3, a 7MB limit is
    safe to use.
    :::

-   ::: {#skip_proguard}
    ### `skip_proguard`{.argName} [(defaults to `False`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#skip_proguard){.inline-link}

    To produce a release build without running ProGuard set the
    `skip_proguard` flag to `True`. This will still cause ProGuard
    configuration files to be generated for use by other optimizers like
    Redex.
    :::

-   ::: {#redex}
    ### `redex`{.argName} [(defaults to `False`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#redex){.inline-link}

    Set this to `True` to run ReDex on the APK generated by this rule.
    :::

-   ::: {#redex_config}
    ### `redex_config`{.argName} [(defaults to `None`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#redex_config){.inline-link}

    Path to a ReDex config file. (This is passed as via the `--config`
    option to ReDex.) Note this may be a generated file.
    :::

-   ::: {#redex_extra_args}
    ### `redex_extra_args`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#redex_extra_args){.inline-link}

    A list of additional arguments to pass to the ReDex binary.
    :::

-   ::: {#native_library_merge_map}
    ### `native_library_merge_map`{.argName} [(defaults to `{}`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#native_library_merge_map){.inline-link}

    An advanced option for apps with many native libraries. For more
    details, see [this
    article](https://github.com/fbsamples/android-native-library-merging-demo).
    :::

-   ::: {#visibility}
    ### `visibility`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#visibility){.inline-link}

    List of [build target patterns](/concept/build_target_pattern.html)
    that identify the build rules that can include this rule as a
    dependency, for example, by listing it in their `deps` or
    `exported_deps` attributes. For more information, see
    [visibility](/concept/visibility.html).
    :::

-   ::: {#licenses}
    ### `licenses`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#licenses){.inline-link}

    Set of license files for this library. To get the list of license
    files for a given [build rule](/concept/build_rule.html) and all of
    its dependencies, you can use [`buck query`](/command/query.html).
    :::

-   ::: {#labels}
    ### `labels`{.argName} [(defaults to `[]`)]{.argDefault} [\#](#labels){.inline-link}

    Set of arbitrary strings which allow you to annotate a [build
    rule](/concept/build_rule.html) with tags that can be searched for
    over an entire dependency tree using
    [`buck query attrfilter()`](/command/query.html#attrfilter).
    :::

## Examples

Here is an example of an `android_binary()` rule that includes Android
resources from one dependency and compiled Java code from another
dependency:

``` {.prettyprint .lang-py}
android_resource(
  name = 'res',
  res = 'res',
  assets = 'assets',
)

android_library(
  name = 'src',
  srcs = glob(['src/**/*.java']),
  deps = [
    ':res',
  ],
)

# Building this rule will produce a file named messenger.apk.
android_binary(
  name = 'messenger',
  manifest = 'AndroidManifest.xml',
  keystore = '//keystores:prod',
  package_type = 'release',
  proguard_config = 'proguard.cfg',
  deps = [
    ':res',
    ':src',
  ],
)
```

## ReDex {#redex-overview}

Buck makes it easy to run [ReDex](http://fbredex.com/) as part of
`android_binary()`. ReDex is an Android bytecode optimizer that can help
reduce the size of your release builds. Please refer to
[ReDex](http://fbredex.com/) for instructions on how to create a ReDex
executable.

Currently, the path to ReDex must be specified as a path (or build
target) in `.buckconfig`:

``` {.prettyprint .lang-ini}
[android]
  # In this example, we assume that you have ReDex packaged as a single
  # executable file named redex-bin. Read "Creating redex-bin" below on how
  # to create this file. Note that the expectation is that you check
  # redex-bin into your project.
  redex = third-party/native/redex/redex-bin

  # Alternatively, you could create a genrule(), such as
  # //tools/redex:redex, that wraps ReDex. It must have
  # `executable = True` to ensure the genrule() is runnable.
  # In this case, you would specify the build target instead
  # of the file path.
  # redex = //tools/redex:redex
```

If a ReDex executable is set properly in `.buckconfig`, then it is
possible to run ReDex as part of building an `android_binary()`, but the
following conditions must hold:

-   `redex = True` must be set on the `android_binary()`.

Other ReDex configuration options on `android_binary()` include:

-   `redex_config`
-   `redex_json_args`

## Fast DEX merging for Android

Buck includes a customized version of the Android DEX compiler, `dx`,
which includes significant performance improvements. It uses a faster
algorithm for merging many DEX files, which is especially effective
because of Buck\'s support for fine-grained libraries.

The custom version of `dx` also supports running multiple copies of `dx`
concurrently within a single long-lived `buckd` process, which
eliminates most of `dx's` start-up time.
:::

### The Basics

-   [Getting Started](/setup/getting_started.html)
-   [Key Concepts](/about/overview.html)
-   [Tutorial](/learning/tutorial.html)
-   [Installing the IntelliJ
    Plugin](/setup/intellij_plugin_install.html)
-   [Exopackage](/article/exopackage.html)
-   [Buck Cheat Sheet](/article/query_cheat_sheet.html)

### About

-   [What Makes Buck so Fast?](/concept/what_makes_buck_so_fast.html)
-   [Showcase](/about/showcase.html)
-   [Troubleshooting](/concept/troubleshooting.html)
-   [Performance Tuning](/about/performance_tuning.html)
-   [FAQ](/concept/faq.html)
-   [Learn More (Buck Presentations)](/presentations/index.html)

### Concepts

-   [Build Rule](/concept/build_rule.html)
-   [Build File](/concept/build_file.html)
-   [Build Target](/concept/build_target.html)
-   [Build Target Pattern](/concept/build_target_pattern.html)
-   [Buck Daemon (buckd)](/concept/buckd.html)
-   [Visibility](/concept/visibility.html)
-   [Flavors](/concept/flavors.html)
-   [HTTP Cache API](/concept/http_cache_api.html)
-   [Rule Keys](/concept/rule_keys.html)
-   [Java ABIs](/concept/java_abis.html)
-   [Skylark](/concept/skylark.html)

### Files and Directories

-   [.buckconfig](/files-and-dirs/buckconfig.html)
-   [.buckjavaargs](/files-and-dirs/buckjavaargs.html)
-   [buck-out](/files-and-dirs/buck-out.html)

### Commands

-   [Common Parameters](/command/common_parameters.html)
-   [buck audit](/command/audit.html)
-   [buck build](/command/build.html)
-   [buck clean](/command/clean.html)
-   [buck doctor](/command/doctor.html)
-   [buck fetch](/command/fetch.html)
-   [buck fix](/command/fix.html)
-   [buck install](/command/install.html)
-   [buck kill](/command/kill.html)
-   [buck killall](/command/killall.html)
-   [buck project](/command/project.html)
-   [buck publish](/command/publish.html)
-   [buck query](/command/query.html)
-   [buck run](/command/run.html)
-   [buck root](/command/root.html)
-   [buck server](/command/server.html)
-   [buck targets](/command/targets.html)
-   [buck test](/command/test.html)
-   [buck uninstall](/command/uninstall.html)
-   [Exit Codes](/command/exit_codes.html)

### Build Rules

-   **Core**
-   [command_alias()](/rule/command_alias.html)
-   [export_file()](/rule/export_file.html)
-   [filegroup()](/rule/filegroup.html)
-   [genrule()](/rule/genrule.html)
-   [http_archive()](/rule/http_archive.html)
-   [http_file()](/rule/http_file.html)
-   [remote_file()](/rule/remote_file.html)
-   [test_suite()](/rule/test_suite.html)
-   [worker_tool()](/rule/worker_tool.html)
-   [zip_file()](/rule/zip_file.html)
-   **Android**
-   [android_aar()](/rule/android_aar.html)
-   [android_binary()](/rule/android_binary.html)
-   [android_build_config()](/rule/android_build_config.html)
-   [android_instrumentation_apk()](/rule/android_instrumentation_apk.html)
-   [android_instrumentation_test()](/rule/android_instrumentation_test.html)
-   [android_library()](/rule/android_library.html)
-   [android_manifest()](/rule/android_manifest.html)
-   [android_prebuilt_aar()](/rule/android_prebuilt_aar.html)
-   [android_resource()](/rule/android_resource.html)
-   [apk_genrule()](/rule/apk_genrule.html)
-   [gen_aidl()](/rule/gen_aidl.html)
-   [keystore()](/rule/keystore.html)
-   [ndk_library()](/rule/ndk_library.html)
-   [prebuilt_jar()](/rule/prebuilt_jar.html)
-   [prebuilt_native_library()](/rule/prebuilt_native_library.html)
-   [robolectric_test()](/rule/robolectric_test.html)
-   **CXX**
-   [cxx_binary()](/rule/cxx_binary.html)
-   [cxx_library()](/rule/cxx_library.html)
-   [cxx_genrule()](/rule/cxx_genrule.html)
-   [cxx_precompiled_header()](/rule/cxx_precompiled_header.html)
-   [cxx_test()](/rule/cxx_test.html)
-   [prebuilt_cxx_library()](/rule/prebuilt_cxx_library.html)
-   [prebuilt_cxx_library_group()](/rule/prebuilt_cxx_library_group.html)
-   **D**
-   [d_binary()](/rule/d_binary.html)
-   [d_library()](/rule/d_library.html)
-   [d_test()](/rule/d_test.html)
-   **Go**
-   [go_binary()](/rule/go_binary.html)
-   [go_library()](/rule/go_library.html)
-   [go_test()](/rule/go_test.html)
-   [cgo_library()](/rule/cgo_library.html)
-   **Groovy**
-   [groovy_library()](/rule/groovy_library.html)
-   **Halide**
-   [halide_library()](/rule/halide_library.html)
-   **Haskell**
-   [haskell_binary()](/rule/haskell_binary.html)
-   [haskell_library()](/rule/haskell_library.html)
-   [prebuilt_haskell_library()](/rule/prebuilt_haskell_library.html)
-   **iOS**
-   [apple_asset_catalog()](/rule/apple_asset_catalog.html)
-   [apple_binary()](/rule/apple_binary.html)
-   [apple_bundle()](/rule/apple_bundle.html)
-   [apple_library()](/rule/apple_library.html)
-   [apple_package()](/rule/apple_package.html)
-   [apple_resource()](/rule/apple_resource.html)
-   [apple_test()](/rule/apple_test.html)
-   [core_data_model()](/rule/core_data_model.html)
-   [prebuilt_apple_framework()](/rule/prebuilt_apple_framework.html)
-   **Java**
-   [java_binary()](/rule/java_binary.html)
-   [java_library()](/rule/java_library.html)
-   [java_test()](/rule/java_test.html)
-   [prebuilt_jar()](/rule/prebuilt_jar.html)
-   [prebuilt_native_library()](/rule/prebuilt_native_library.html)
-   **Kotlin**
-   [kotlin_library()](/rule/kotlin_library.html)
-   [kotlin_test()](/rule/kotlin_test.html)
-   **Lua**
-   [cxx_lua_extension()](/rule/cxx_lua_extension.html)
-   [lua_binary()](/rule/lua_binary.html)
-   [lua_library()](/rule/lua_library.html)
-   **OCaml**
-   [ocaml_binary()](/rule/ocaml_binary.html)
-   [ocaml_library()](/rule/ocaml_library.html)
-   **Python**
-   [prebuilt_python_library()](/rule/prebuilt_python_library.html)
-   [python_binary()](/rule/python_binary.html)
-   [python_library()](/rule/python_library.html)
-   [python_test()](/rule/python_test.html)
-   **Rust**
-   [rust_binary()](/rule/rust_binary.html)
-   [rust_library()](/rule/rust_library.html)
-   [rust_test()](/rule/rust_test.html)
-   [prebuilt_rust_library()](/rule/prebuilt_rust_library.html)
-   **Shell**
-   [sh_binary()](/rule/sh_binary.html)
-   [sh_test()](/rule/sh_test.html)
-   **.NET**
-   [csharp_library()](/rule/csharp_library.html)
-   [prebuilt_dotnet_library()](/rule/prebuilt_dotnet_library.html)

### Functions

-   **Python DSL**
-   [add_build_file_dep()](/function/add_build_file_dep.html)
-   [allow_unsafe_import()](/function/allow_unsafe_import.html)
-   [flatten_dicts()](/function/flatten_dicts.html)
-   [glob()](/function/glob.html)
-   [get_base_path()](/function/get_base_path.html)
-   [get_cell_name()](/function/get_cell_name.html)
-   [host_info()](/function/host_info.html)
-   [include_defs()](/function/include_defs.html)
-   [load()](/function/load.html)
-   [read_config()](/function/read_config.html)
-   [subdir_glob()](/function/subdir_glob.html)
-   [String Parameter Macros](/function/string_parameter_macros.html)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Skylark**
-   [glob()](/skylark/generated/glob.html)
-   [host_info()](/skylark/generated/host_info.html)
-   [package_name()](/skylark/generated/package_name.html)
-   [provider()](/skylark/generated/provider.html)
-   [read_config()](/skylark/generated/read_config.html)
-   [repository_name()](/skylark/generated/repository_name.html)
-   [rule_exists()](/skylark/generated/rule_exists.html)

### Extending Buck

-   [Custom Macros](/extending/macros.html)
-   [Custom Rules](/extending/rules.html)
-   [Building E2E Tests for Buck](/extending/e2e_tests.html)
:::
:::

::: width
© Copyright Facebook, 2013 - 2020
:::
