/\* \* Copyright (c) Facebook, Inc. and its affiliates. \* \* Licensed
under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the \"License\"); \* you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License. \* You may obtain a
copy of the License at \* \* http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
\* \* Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software \* distributed under the License is distributed on an \"AS IS\"
BASIS, \* WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
or implied. \* See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and \* limitations under the License. \*/ {namespace
buck.clean} /\*\*\*/ {template .soyweb} {call buck.page} {param title:
\'buck clean\' /} {param navid: \'command_clean\' /} {param description}
Delete artifacts and state files generated by Buck. {/param} {param
content} {call buck.command} {param overview}

Delete artifacts and state files generated by Buck.

Buck generates artifacts in the form of files and Buck also maintains
its state using files. Deleting these files resets Buck\'s state so that
the next build that runs is guaranteed to be a *clean build*.

The set of files that Buck generates and the location where Buck stores
these files change over time because these are a function of the Build
configuration and the version of Buck that you are using. However, the
`buck clean` command always removes the appropriate set of files for
your build and Buck version.

## Do not manually try to modify the buck-out directory

Buck primarily stores the state of your build in the `buck-out`
directory which is located in the root of your {call
buck.key_concepts_link}{param rendered_text: \'Buck project\' /}{/call}.
However, you should not try to manually modify the contents of
`buck-out`. Buck\'s implementation assumes that `buck-out` is not
touched by anything external to Buck. If you modify `buck-out`, Buck
might behave in ways that are unpredictable.

{/param} {param params} {call buck.param} {param name: \'dry-run\' /}
{param desc}

Print a list of the directories that would be removed if the command ran
normally.

{/param} {/call} {call buck.param} {param name: \'keep-cache\' /} {param
desc}

Keep the local (dir) caches. For more information about the local
caches, see the {call buckconfig.cache /} section of `.buckconfig`.

{/param} {/call} {call command_common.common_param_xref /} {/param}
{/call} {/param} // content {/call} // buck.page {/template}
